You helped me with the guild mission
Do you know how much I'm short?
900,000 can you afford it?
900,000 how much money I thought I had
Don't worry, I'll get 900,000 and PK for you.
Xiaoya, don't worry.
I don't know about other aspects.
The money is definitely not going
Are you serious?
Add WeChat
Just tell me what time you usually go LIVE
Most of the IDs are live.
It usually looks like eight or nine o'clock.
ID is called a Xiaoya
I'll be on time at 9 o'clock tomorrow night
The rain seems to have stopped.
Then I'll go back first.
Linger, do you think your husband is really that rich?
He's not my husband yet
If you have money or not, you will know when you see it tomorrow.
You are all mysterious
I'd like to see who it is
Brothers are helping Xiaoya
Walk over the opposite side
Xiaoya
I've given you gifts for my living expenses this month.
But recently, a big brother can't beat it.
Can't beat it at all
It seems that this month's task is really hanging in the balance